Sid: My guest says he was so fearful he literally
shook 24 hours a day and could only sleep
one hour a night for three and a half years.
Next on this edition of It's Supernatural!
[music]
Centuries have come and gone offering wisdom
and understanding throughout the ages.
Today there should be nothing beyond one's
power to discover.
But yet the strange, unusual and mysterious
world of the supernatural defies understanding.
Stay tuned for a unique and powerful investigation
into a curious undiscovered universe only
on It's Supernatural!
[music]
Sid: Hello. I'm Sid Roth your investigative
reporter. It's hard to believe.
How can an intelligent family man, a manager
doing well in his business, a Christian, loves
the Lord, how does he just suddenly start
shaking with fear and it just doesn't stop
every day.
I mean, were you really shaking or just, what
were you doing, Kris Vallotton?
Kris: I shook so bad I couldn't get a glass
of water to my face without holding it with
two hands.
I just trembled like an alcoholic, but I never
drank a day in my life.
Sid: How did it start?
Kris: One night I came home from work, got
in the bathtub.
When I went to get out of the bathtub, my
heart started pounding.
I started shaking all over.
I yelled for my wife.
She came in the bathroom.
She tried to help me out of the tub.
I shook so bad I had no strength in my legs
or any of my limbs and that lasted three and
a half years.
Sid: But how do you survive on such limited
sleep?
Kris: Oh it was terrible.
I would get into bed at night and I was just
trembling all the time.
Kind of like an Irish Setter, I'd just tremble
all the time.
I'd get in bed at night and I would sweat
profusely so bad that my wife would have to
get up in the middle of the night.
Finally, the sweat would cover her side of
the bed.
It would wake up in the middle of the night.
She'd get up two and three times a night and
just change the sheet because I trembled so
bad.
You know how just looney you get when you
haven't slept.
And I went like that for three and a half
years.
Sid: Did you take any legal drugs for this?
Kris: We called the doctor that night, of
course late at night, probably 10, 10:30,
11:00 at night, we called our family doctor
and he said, "Oh, it sounds like he's had
an anxiety attack."
And he told my wife, he said, "Go get him
some alcohol.
It will calm him down."
Sid: Did you drink much?
Kris: I never drank.
I've never, I took a drink from my grandfather's
beer when I probably eight, nine years old,
never took drugs, never touched drugs, never
smoked, never did dope, nothing.
So we went out and we got, all we could find
was wine.
It was so late at night.
Got a bottle of wine.
I drank half a bottle of wine.
All it did was make me sick.
I still shook.
Went the next day to the doctor and he gave
me, he prescribed some tranquilizers.
I took those one time and they just, they
slowed me way down, but my shaking still continued
and they really depressed me.
So I carried them with me everywhere.
In fact, I carried those pills in my pocket for
three and a half years and never took them.
Sid: The pills depressed you.
Kris: Oh totally.
They took me to depression and just slowed
the trembling down.
I carried them with me, but I never took them.
Sid: How could this happen to you?
Everything is going fine and you become a
mess in every area of your life.
Kris: You know what happened?
I'll tell you.
When I was in the bathtub I had a thought.
And this sounds crazy, but I had a thought,
and I don't know if anyone has ever had this
happen to them.
I had a thought that I was going to die.
It was stronger than a thought, you know.
It was like an obsession.
Never had that before.
Sid: It's kind of interesting.
You told me that your dad died at a young
age.
Kris: My dad, six months before he died,
every night he would wake up and tell my mom,
"I know I'm going to die, I know I'm going
die, I know I'm going to die."
And my dad drowned when I was three years
old.
My dad was a phys ed teacher.
My dad for UC Berkeley, played football for
UC Berkeley, got drafted by the pros, but
chose to finish his degree.
Went into teaching, taught phys ed and drowned,
as a phys ed teacher, in Anderson Dam, which
is like drowning in a 10-times Olympic size
pool, exactly six months after he started
waking up saying he was gonna die.
Sid: So you just started getting this thought
and then this fear came all over you.
So you thought if you went to a small city
maybe things would slow down the pace and
everything would be okay.
How did it work out?
Kris: Yeah. I was living in San Jose, California.
Everything was, of course the Bay Area is
just a busy, big city.
I was managing a repair shop, 13 guys working
for me, and I thought, well my problem is,
is that I'm under all this stress.
So I moved to a town called Lewiston, California,
800 people in the Trinity Alps.
And what happened was instead of it getting
better, it got worse.
When everything around me slowed down, Sid,
all it did is magnify what was happening inside
of me.
And when I got there, when I got to Lewiston,
California, I started having visitations from
demons.
Sid: What do you mean by visitations from
demons?
Kris: I mean demons would actually come in
my room.
I mean, I would see them physically.
They would come in my room, they would lay
on my chest at night and I couldn't move.
I would be totally incapacitated.
I would be like paralyzed from the neck down
and I would be trying to scream and not able
to talk.
My wife would lean over and when she'd see
me struggling, she'd say, "In the name of
Jesus, get off of him."
And all of a sudden, I could literally feel
them get off of me.
They would move pictures in my room.
They would move objects in my room.
I mean, this was real.
Sid: How did your wife put up with this?
I mean, how did you put up with it, but how
did your wife put up with this?
Kris: My wife was amazing.
She just kept saying, "You're going to get
well.
You're going to get well.
You're going to be fine."
You know, it's interesting.
My wife, I met my wife when she was 12 years
old.
We got engaged when she was 13.
Sid: You got engaged at 13?
Kris: We got engaged at 13.
Sid: Oh my goodness.
Kris: She waited five years.
We waited five years to get married.
We were married one year and she was pregnant
with our first child, and I had a nervous
breakdown.
Just incredible.
Sid: So how did you get out of this trap?
I mean, it sounds, I mean, it sounds like
something you watch on TV.
It doesn't happen in real life.
Kris: It was, I prayed every day for the
Lord to take me home.
I received the Lord at 18, Sid.
I was Christian.
And in the paradigm that I had been taught
in, Christians couldn't be demonized.
So I had an incredibly bad problem.
One, I had a problem with demons visiting
me.
I had been taught that Christians couldn't
be demonized.
And so I figured I was mentally ill.
I had the worst thoughts.
I would have actually visions in my mind,
40, 50, 60 times a day of murdering my wife,
molesting my children, doing terrible, I mean,
and I'm playing it down, doing terrible bizarre
things would happen.
I would have anxiety attacks.
I would break out in sweat.
This is 30, 40 times a day, I would break
out in sweat.
I would soak my shirt, soak my pants just
from anxiety attacks.
I got so fearful.
I got claustrophobia so bad that we would
be driving down the street in the winter and
I'd have to have all the windows in my car.
My friends would come to my house and then
I'd go lock myself in the room and I'd tell
my wife, get rid of them, get rid of them.
Sid: So you can relate and I can relate now
from what you're saying to me about these
mass murderers, these people who go berserk
because here you are a normal family person,
everything fine, a Christian and you're getting
all of these thoughts.
I guess the human mind can only take so much.
Kris: It was incredible.
One night I'm in Lewiston, California.
There's almost no radio in Lewiston, California.
All you'd get is just mostly get static.
I couldn't sleep, which was my pattern.
I'd get up in the middle of the night, I'd
pace the floor, I'd lay by the stereo, I'd
turn on the stereo in our house and I'd lay
there, and all I could hear was static.
But there was a speaker on there and he was
saying something about fear, which kind of
caught my attention.
So I'm laying on the floor and I'm laying
by the speaker, put my head right on the speaker,
and he quotes a scripture out of 1st Timothy.
He says, "God hasn't given us a spirit of
fear, but love, power and a sound mind."
Sid: Hold that thought.
We're going to be back in just a moment.
That one sentence from the Bible changed his
destiny.
Be right back after this.
[music]
Hello YouTube mishpochah!
Mishpochah is a Hebrew word; it means family.
This is Sid Roth.
Welcome to my world where it’s naturally
supernatural!
If you’ve been blessed by this show, please
subscribe.
Then click the bell so you won’t miss a
single episode of It’s Supernatural!
[music]
Sid: Hello. Sid Roth your investigative
reporter and it's unbelievable this Kris Vallotton.
I mean, shaking 24 hours a day, not able to
sleep more than an hour or so every night.
I mean, how long can this go on?
And one day he just through static, he picks
something up on the radio.
He'd probably never find it again if he tried,
and it's this announcer said?
Kris: He said, "God hasn't given us a spirit
of fear, but love, power and a sound mind."
When he said "the spirit of fear", all of
a sudden it was like a revelation, like somebody
pulled the covers back in Heaven and said,
"You have a spirit of fear."
And all of a sudden, I don't know how it happened,
it was like someone was talking to me, but
it was happening inside my mind.
It was like the Lord said to me, "The thoughts
you're having are not your own."
You know, I was telling you about the visions
and all the destructive thoughts I was having.
The Lord said, "The thoughts you're
having are not your own."
Sid: That's important to realize that all
thoughts that we have are not our own.
Kris: That's right.
That's right.
And of course, later on the Lord began to
teach me that our thoughts come from four
sources. Our spirit, because we have a spirit. We're a spirit that has a soul that has a body.
The Holy Spirit, which is God's Spirit.
Evil spirits, which I was being troubled with.
And angels, which are spirits
in God's realm.
And so but of course, I didn't hear that then.
But I heard the Lord say, "These thoughts
that you're having are not yours.
They are not your thoughts."
Well that was the first time I ever felt like
I'm not mentally ill.
I'm under siege.
I'm under attack.
I'm oppressed by the enemy.
And the Lord began to tell me that, and then
he said, "But I've given you a sound mind."
Remember, I thought I was crazy.
I thought I was going crazy.
So that night, I asked the Lord, "What am
I to do?"
And the Lord said to me, "You confess that
this fear is not from me and that it's not
part of your spirit, and you rebuke it."
I did that, it left.
Just like that, it left.
Sid: Just like that, after all this time?
Kris: Why didn't I do that three and a half
years ago?
Sid: Yeah, why didn't you?
Kris: I didn't know.
My people perish for lack of knowledge.
I did not know.
Sid: It sounds too easy, Kris.
Kris: Let me tell you what happened.
The next night I'm coming home from work and
I'm like, I've had a whole day of peace.
Right?
I have not had a day of peace in three and
a half years.
The shaking stopped, my heart is not palpitating
and pounding, the sweats are gone and I'm
like, this is too cool.
And I said, I'm driving home on a dark road,
no street lights.
We're living in the Trinity Alps, in the mountains,
and I said, out loud, I said, "I'm going to
tell everybody about this.
I'm going to tell everybody, you are a liar
and your power is coming out of illusion."
And a voice came to me, and he said, "You
tell anyone what's happened to you, I will
kill you."
And I started shaking, sweating, all the
symptoms came back.
I pulled over.
I couldn't drive.
I pulled over on the side of the road and
I'm just trembling again, all over again.
I'm like–
Sid: Right back to square one.
Kris: Right back to square one.
And all of a sudden this little tiny, small
voice inside of me said this, "Does the devil
hate you?"
I said, "Yeah, he hates me."
He said, "How come he didn't kill you when
you received me?"
I said, "I don't know."
He said, "Because he can't.
His power is an illusion and he's a liar,
and he's the father of lies, and he's controlling
you through his lying, but he has no power
to do anything he tells you he's going to do."
And I said, "You're a liar, you get out of
my life right now."
The shaking stopped, peace came over me and
it was the beginning of a new day.
Sid: It sounds too good to be true, Kris.
It sounds so easy.
Kris: It was a war, but it's the truth.
Sid: I'm saying the way you got free to just
come to the senses that it was an illusion,
that it wasn't you, it was a demon and then
to command it to go, and it left.
Kris: Isn't that amazing?
Sid: Yeah.
Kris: Jesus said this, he said, "You'll know
the truth and the truth will free you."
That word "truth" in the Greek is a word we
get our word "reality" from.
A lot of us live in a virtual reality.
We're living in a virtual reality.
It feels real, it looks real, you know how
the enemy sets up the smoke screen around
us.
It feels real, it looks real, he keeps us
controlled by that spirit, but it's not real.
He keeps us controlled by a lie.
Jesus said, "You'll know the truth and the
truth," the reality that Jesus, "greater is
he that's in me than he that's the world,
the truth will free you."
Sid: So I mean, some wonderful things happen
to you and your family.
You became the pastor of church.
And one day you're driving a van with a bunch
of children.
How many children were in the van?
Kris: Eight children.
Sid: Eight children.
And someone starting acting crazy.
Kris: We're coming home from Santa Cruz,
California.
We're taking the kids on their eighth grade
trip, a small school, all eighth graders,
five girls in a van and three boys.
We're coming home and this guy, we're coming
home in this 10-passenger, 12-passenger van.
This guy pulls up next to me in a white Chevy
pickup and he says, "Pull over.
Pull over."
I thought we had a flat tire.
I start to pull over, and he pulls right
up next to me.
And when I looked over at him his eyes were
glowing red, glowing red.
Now I had seen those eyes before.
Sid: Where?
Chris: I had seen, demons when they used to
visit me, they would be, their eyes would
be glowing red.
So I looked over him and I said, "I'm not
going to pull over."
Just then I pulled back on the freeway and
he's telling me, "Get over, get over."
Just then, the Lord spoke to me and he said,
"There will be no loss of life and nobody
will be harmed in this van."
And this peace just came over me, unexplainable,
this incredible peace came over me.
And the guy pulls up next to me again and
he says, "Pull over" and I said, and I smiled
at him and I said, "Thank you very much."
And I waved him on.
And then he just ran us right off the right
into, right into the gravel.
We're driving along 60 miles an hour in the
gravel, and he just cuts right in front of us.
And I stop, and he starts to get out of his
car, and I take off around him, and that
started a chase that lasted about 45
minutes to an hour down the freeway.
At one point, he got, the traffic stopped
both directions.
He got on the freeway sideways, pulled in
the side, on the freeway like this.
We're coming out of the freeway like this,
and he's waiting for us to come so he can
ram us on the side.
We stopped.
Traffic stopped both directions.
He gets out of his van.
He starts running for, he gets out of his
truck.
He starts running for the van.
One of the girls yells, "He's got a gun!
He's got a gun!"
And so I'm like, what should I do?
If I wait until he gets right to the van as
close as I can, running, of course, on foot,
and I take off.
And he runs for his truck.
He jumps in his truck and he tries to ram
us from the side.
The whole time the Lord says, "There will
be no loss to life.
Everything will be fine."
Sid: The children must have been hysterical.
Kris: They were going nuts.
One kid, he tried to jump out the window of
the van.
He opened the window and he's trying to jump
out the window.
Two of the other boys grabbed him, held him
down.
So he's on the floor for a half an hour, two
boys holding him, screaming,
"He's gonna kill us!
He's gonna kill us!"
My wife's got the window down and she's yelling,
"This man is trying to kill us!
This man is trying to kill us," yelling to
anyone who will listen.
So we're going down the road and he's trying
to ram us from the side.
He comes up over the freeway, gets caught in
a ditch when he tried to ram us.
So we just went as fast as we could.
He got up behind us.
He tried to hit us from behind, from the side.
Never hit us one time.
This whole chase lasted 45 minutes.
Sid: Hold that thought.
We're going to be right back after this.
This maniac came after him.
I mean, it's not supposed to happen except
in the movies, but he did.
And when you find out what happened,
you'll be amazed, too.
We'll be right back after this.
[music]
Sid: Hello. I'm Sid Roth your investigative
reporter and let's go to
Janie in the control room and find out
who's on next week.
Janie, who do we have?
Janie: Sid, you'll be speaking to different
people who have seen angels in all kinds of
circumstances.
One angel actually brought a woman a new heart
and another, and then a woman saw a whole
bunch of angels supernaturally protect her
house in a tornado.
It's just really incredible and I'm also going
to tell you about my angel story, next week.
Sid: Looking forward to it.
Kris, you sure could have used an angel.
I mean, you're running down the freeway.
This maniac is chasing you.
You're in a van with, what, eight children?
Kris: Yes.
Sid: And he's trying to ram you.
He wasn't successful.
But now you're, were you stuck in traffic?
Kris: No. Traffic stopped in both directions.
For a mile, both directions, traffic was dead
stopped on Highway 5.
We passed a highway patrolman, he had somebody
pulled over, and my wife yelled out the window,
"This man is trying to kill us!
This man is trying to kill us!"
So we pulled into the center lane and tried
to stay close to the highway patrolman, and he's
trying to figure out what to do.
And we're driving back and forth in the center
lane.
And this guy comes in the center lane and
tries to ram us right in front of the highway
patrolman in the center lane.
He finally, and it's getting, it's starting
to get dusk and I'm driving back and forth.
He jumps out of his truck and I'm losing sight
of him, like where did he go, where did he go?
And I don't want to leave the highway patrolman,
so I don't want to drive off.
So I'm just driving back and forth in the
center lane in the dirt like this.
And all of a sudden one the girls yells, "He's
coming through the back window!"
And he had reached his hand back in the back
window and popped the door open, and he was
coming in the back window.
And I saw, I could see him standing on the
bumper.
So I took off.
I gave him the ride of his life.
We were driving back and forth like this.
He finally falls off the back.
One of the girls goes, "He's falled off!
He fell off the back!
He fell off the back!"
So a minute later I hear one of the boys yelling,
"He's got the side door open!
He's got the side door open!"
Now why the doors got unlocked, I guess from
all the nervousness.
"He's coming in the side door!
Side door! Side door!"
So we gave him another ride, just about, he
falls off the side of the van.
Pretty soon, I hear a cop saying, "Stop or
I'll shoot!
Stop or I'll shoot!"
And I'm like, all right, he's got him, he's
got him.
Sid: Right.
You're safe.
Kris: Yeah. So I'm like, where is he, though? Where is he?
So he says, "Stop or I'll shoot!"
A second later, the gun is in my face and
he's talking to me.
Sid: Why?
Kris: Because when my wife yelled out the
window, "This man is trying to kill me," he
runs across the street and the guy who's
trying to kill us says, "They have my daughter.
He kidnapped my daughter."
Sid: The one that's chasing you. The maniac.
Kris: It's the maniac.
Sid: So he has his gun to your head.
Kris: Yeah. He's going to kill me. So I, of
course, I don't know any of this.
So I'm still trying to drive back and forth,
trying to make sure that he's got the guy.
I come to a complete stop.
He's got the gun right in my face.
He says, "Get out of the van right now or
I'll blow your head off."
So I just undo my seatbelt.
And as soon as I opened the door, he grabs me,
throws me on the ground, cuffs me and drags
me around the van, and he's got the other
guy cuffed there, too.
And come to find out, you know, the story
I just told you, come to find out he thought
that I was the guy.
Sid: Right.
Kris: The next morning, and this was on a
Saturday, coming home on Saturday, the next
morning, the highway patrolman calls me,
6:00 in the morning on Sunday morning.
Sid: He had realized what, he arrested the
maniac, not you.
Kris: He arrested the maniac.
Sid: He calls you the next morning.
Kris: Calls me the next morning, 6:00 in
the morning and he said, "Mr. Vallotton, this
is the Highway Patrol," and he gave me his
name. I said, yeah.
He goes, "Are you okay?"
I said, "Oh yeah, I'm doing great."
And he said, "Let me tell you something."
He said, "When your wife was yelling out the
window, I thought you kidnapped them, and when
you didn't stop," of course, I didn't stop because
I thought he was talking to him, of course,
he said, "I squeezed the trigger on that gun,"
and he said, "first time in 17 years I ever
squeezed the trigger on anyone."
He says, "I squeezed the trigger on that gun
and right before the gun went off," he said,
"I heard a voice say, “something is wrong
here, don't shoot that man.'"
And he says, "I've been trembling all night."
He said, "I almost killed an innocent man."
He's weeping on the phone.
I said, "Let me tell you a little story,"
I said, "Before this chase started the Lord
Jesus, I'm a Christian, the Lord Jesus told
me there will be no loss of life and no one
will be harmed in this."
I said, "You could have pulled that trigger
and you would not have shot me."
Sid: The point of the matter is that he would
have pulled that trigger if he didn't hear
a voice say, don't do that.
You know, God has more control over our earth.
Kris: That's right.
Sid: And over us than we realize.
But there are many that are watching us right
now and you're harassed by fear.
I know you are.
Kris: That's right.
Sid: And you don't know, even know where
to turn.
Kris, tell them what they can do.
Kris: You know what, the first thing you
need to do is receive Jesus Christ.
If you don't know Jesus Christ, the Bible says,
you are under the power of the devil, and
for you, that's not an illusion, but it is
reality.
But when you receive Jesus Christ he comes
into your life, and the Bible says, "Greater
is he that's in us," Sid, "than he that's
in the world."
Greater is he that's in us than he that's in the world.
What need to do, when we receive Christ and
we start having these things happen to us,
we need to realize that we are in a battle.
Ephesians 6 says, talks about the armor of
God, putting a helmet of salvation on.
And we need to war against those things and
realize those thoughts are not our thoughts.
That's why Second Corinthians, Chapter 10
says, "The weapons of our warfare are not
carnal."
Sid: Question.
Kris: Yes.
Sid: Do you have fear?
Did you have fear when this maniac was going
after you?
Kris: No.
Sid: No?
Sid: A guy that shook for all those years?
Kris: The Lord Jesus healed me.
Sid: Do you know what?
God wants to heal you right now.
First, ask God to forgive you.
Kris: That's right.
Sid: Because you're a sinner and ask that
the blood of Jesus wash away your sins.
Then ask Jesus to come inside of you and become
your Lord, and I command in the name of Jesus
and the authority that he's given me that
the spirit of fear would leave you right now.
Spirit of rejection, I command you to leave
in Jesus' name.
Shalom, peace of God, the peace of God, I
surround you with the shalom and the peace
of God.
That's, oh there it goes.
That's God's peace that you're experiencing
right now.
There is nothing separating you from the
love of God.
This is your moment in history.
Go all the way with God.
He's letting you experience his love right
now.
Why?
Because you're very important to him.
Because he loves you.
Why?
Because this is your moment to know him, not
to just believe in him, but to know him.
Get a little excited.
[music]